This file is an extract from the the online documentation at
http://oss.coresecurity.com/pcapy/.

What is Impacket?
=================

Impacket is a collection of Python classes for working with network
protocols. Impacket is mostly focused on providing low-level
programmatic access to the packets, however some protocols (for
instance NMB and SMB) are implemented in a higher level as a
foundation for other protocols. Packets can be constructed from
scratch, as well as parsed from raw data, and the object oriented API
makes it simple to work with deep hierarchies of protocols.

Impacket is most useful when used together with a packet capture
utility or package such as Pcapy, an object oriented Python extension
for capturing network packets.

What protocols are featured?
----------------------------

 * Ethernet, Linux ``Cooked'' capture.
 * IP, TCP, UDP, ICMP, IGMP, ARP.
 * NMB and SMB (high-level implementations).
 * DCE/RPC versions 4 and 5, over different transports: UDP (version 4
   exclusively), TCP, SMB/TCP, SMB/NetBIOS and HTTP.
 * Portions of the following DCE/RPC interfaces: Conv, DCOM, EPM,
   SAMR, SvcCtl, WinReg.


Getting Impacket
================

Current and past releases are available from
http://oss.coresecurity.com/impacket/.


Setup
=====

Quick start
-----------

Grab the latest stable release, unpack it and run 'python setup.py
install' from the directory where you placed it. Isn't that easy?


Requirements
============

 * A Python interpreter. Versions 2.0.1 and newer are known to work.
 * A recent release of Impacket.

Installing
----------

In order to install the source execute the following command from the
directory where the Impacket's distribution has been unpacked: 'python
setup.py install'. This will install the classes into the default
Python's modules path; note that you might need special permissions to
write there. For more information on what commands and options are
available from setup.py, run 'python setup.py --help-commands'.


Licensing
=========

This software is provided under under a slightly modified version of
the Apache Software License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for
more information.

SMB and NetBIOS support based on Pysmb by Michael Teo.


Contact Us
==========

Whether you want to report a bug, send a patch or give some
suggestions on this package, drop us a few lines at
oss@coresecurity.com.

$Id$
